Update README text (#3)
INCF/example-live-scripts: README.md

### Convenience MATLAB Environments
#### DandiHub MATLAB Environment
**[Dandihub](https://hub.dandiarchive.org/hub)** is a JupyterHub environment that combines these resources within a pre-configured virtual desktop that pre-mounts the example code\* & Dandiset data as folders. MATLAB\*\* and MatNWB software are pre-installed. 

(\*) coming soon <br/>
(\*\*) using the [MATLAB Integration for Jupyter](https://www.mathworks.com/products/reference-architectures/jupyter.html)

### MATLAB Online Environment
[MATLAB Online](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online.html) is a web browser-based MATLAB environment with connectivity to [GitHub](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online/data-access.html#github) code and [AWS S3](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online/data-access.html#aws) data. 

MATLAB Online uses [MATLAB Drive](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab-online/data-access.html#matlab-drive) as its cloud filesystem. Code can be [cloned](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/use-git-in-matlab.html) there from GitHub & data can be cached there from AWS.

### Individual MATLAB Environment

> Individual MATLAB environments on user machines or cluster nodes offer greater storage & flexibility. Utilizing [remote data access](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/import_export/work-with-remote-data.html) functions for working with S3 data is recommended for the best possible performance. 

Author: ```suggestion
Individual MATLAB environments on user machines or cluster nodes offer greater storage & flexibility. Utilizing [remote data access](https://neurodatawithoutborders.github.io/matnwb/tutorials/html/remote_read.html) functions for working with S3 data is recommended for the best possible performance. 
```

Point to MatNWB tutorial on remote read

Author: We decided to hold off on this change for now and will discuss further, once we have more information from Mathworks and find a better place to put the general data streaming guidance

## Submitting Your Dandiset Example Live Script(s)
This library collects together examples from diverse independent contributors. 

Example authors can submit candidate example live scripts as [GitHub pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) for potential inclusion in the library. The [library adminstrators](#library-administrators) will review the pull request. 

Submitted example live scripts can be either hosted natively in this library or originated externally to this library (cloned/mirrored into the library). 

See the [Submitting Your Dandiset Example Live Script(s)](https://github.com/INCF/example-live-scripts/wiki/Submitting-Your-Dandiset-Example-Live-Script(s)) wiki page for further information and guidelines. 

## Library Administrators 

> The [MatNWB Working Group](https://www.incf.org/sig/incf-working-group-nwb) chartered by the [INCF organization](https://www.incf.org/) serve as the adminstrators for this library. 

Author: ```suggestion
The [MatNWB Working Group](https://www.incf.org/sig/incf-working-group-nwb) chartered by the [INCF organization](https://www.incf.org/) serves as the adminstrators for this library. 
```
